README.md, before:

# Baseline Test Pages
The Baseline and ITTP Working Group will use this repository and set of pages to store and make reference to test pages for use in validating test rules contained in the [ICT Testing Basline](https://section508coordinators.github.io/ICTTestingBaseline/). 

Working Group members can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/Section508Coordinators/BaselineTestPages/edit/master/README.md) to directly edit this file to add references. Members can also  navigate to the [Baseline Test Pages repository](https://github.com/Section508Coordinators/BaselineTestPages) to add files to test. Static pages can be viewed via GitHub Pages from this repository at the following url: <https://section508coordinators.github.io/BaselineTestPages/>.

## Test Page Documentation
For each sample test page or set of pages, provide the following information (generally within the same folder where you provide the test page):
1.	Brief description of test sample
2.	Index of files/pages to be tested with URLs or relative file links/locations
3.	Test rule(s) to be validated
4.	List of elements to test
5.	List of expected results for the rules listed
6.	Rationale of why expected results should be achieved

## Test Pages:
1. Keyboard Navigation
2. Focus (visible)
3. Focus (order)
4. Focus (Revealing hidden content)
5. Repetitive Content
6. Multi-state components
7. Images
    * [ImageTest](TestPages/7Images/ImageTest.html)
8. Color (meaning)
9. [Color (contrast)](TestPages/9ColorContrast/9ColorContrast-TestPageDoc.md)
10. *Flashing (reserved)*
11. [Forms (associated instructions)](TestPages/11Forms/11Forms-TestPageDoc.md)
12. [Page Titles](TestPages/12PageTitles/12PageTitles-TestPageDoc.md)
13. [Data Tables](TestPages/13DataTablesHeaders/13Tables_test_page.html) -- [Grid Example](TestPages/13DataTablesHeaders/GridTestPage.html)
14. *Data Tables (cell-header association) - **removed and combined with 13***
15. [Headings](TestPages/15Headings/15Headings-TestPageDoc.md)
16. Links and User controls
17. [Language](TestPages/17Language/17Language-TestPageDoc.md)
18. Audio (transcripts)
19. Video (descriptions)
20. Synchronized media (captions)
21. Synchronized media (descriptions)
22. Style-sheet non-dependence
23. [Frames](TestPages/23Frames/23Frames-TestPageDoc.md)
24. Alternate pages
25. Time outs
26. Image maps
27. Plug-in Links
28. Built-in accessibility features

Commit message:

added text from index.html
"Purpose and Objectives" and "Contributing" section. Also moved the second paragraph from earlier version of this file to under "contributing," but I'm not sure that's what we want. Fixed a typo, too.

README.md, after:

# Baseline Test Pages
The Baseline and ITTP Working Group will use this repository and set of pages to store and make reference to test pages for use in validating test rules contained in the [ICT Testing Baseline](https://section508coordinators.github.io/ICTTestingBaseline/). 

## Purpose and Objectives
Members of the U.S. federal accessibility community must agree on what constitutes conforming to the Section 508 standards, in concrete terms. This is important to:
* Conserve and share resources
* Provide clear expectations to vendors
* Maintain consistency across the Federal government

The Section 508 standards incorporate the [Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/), levels A and AA. The ICT Testing Baseline for Web establishes the minimum tests and evaluation guidance for determining whether Web content meets the requirements of WCAG 2.0 A and AA and, therefore, Section 508.

Although the ICT Testing Baseline does not provide processes or tools for conducting baseline tests, it can be used to develop test processes and evaluate how well test processes cover all Section 508 requirements.

The ICT Baseline Alignment Validation Framework provides test cases as a way for agencies to check whether their own test processes and use of testing tools cover all Section 508 requirements. Two different processes that align to the Baseline should produce the same replicable and reliable test results.

##How to Contribute
Working Group members can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/Section508Coordinators/BaselineTestPages/edit/master/README.md) to directly edit this file to add references. Members can also  navigate to the [Baseline Test Pages repository](https://github.com/Section508Coordinators/BaselineTestPages) to add files to test. Static pages can be viewed via GitHub Pages from this repository at the following url: <https://section508coordinators.github.io/BaselineTestPages/>.

Contributors do not need to be highly technical nor make a long-term commitment, although both skills and time can certainly be helpful. The ICT Baseline Alignment Working Group needs help developing and evaluating test cases. Accessibility advocates are also needed to spread the word about the Framework, develop a governance structure, participate in governance, develop and maintain the website, provide user experience and plain language expertise, and even provide legal support. Please visit our [How You Can Help](https://section508coordinators.github.io/BaselineTestPages/contributing.html#helping) and [How We Work](https://section508coordinators.github.io/BaselineTestPages/contributing.html#how-we-work) sections or contact us at <ictbaseline@gsa.gov> for more information about getting involved.

## Test Page Documentation
For each sample test page or set of pages, provide the following information (generally within the same folder where you provide the test page):
1.	Brief description of test sample
2.	Index of files/pages to be tested with URLs or relative file links/locations
3.	Test rule(s) to be validated
4.	List of elements to test
5.	List of expected results for the rules listed
6.	Rationale of why expected results should be achieved

## Test Pages:
1. Keyboard Navigation
2. Focus (visible)
3. Focus (order)
4. Focus (Revealing hidden content)
5. Repetitive Content
6. Multi-state components
7. Images
    * [ImageTest](TestPages/7Images/ImageTest.html)
8. Color (meaning)
9. [Color (contrast)](TestPages/9ColorContrast/9ColorContrast-TestPageDoc.md)
10. *Flashing (reserved)*
11. [Forms (associated instructions)](TestPages/11Forms/11Forms-TestPageDoc.md)
12. [Page Titles](TestPages/12PageTitles/12PageTitles-TestPageDoc.md)
13. [Data Tables](TestPages/13DataTablesHeaders/13Tables_test_page.html) -- [Grid Example](TestPages/13DataTablesHeaders/GridTestPage.html)
14. *Data Tables (cell-header association) - **removed and combined with 13***
15. [Headings](TestPages/15Headings/15Headings-TestPageDoc.md)
16. Links and User controls
17. [Language](TestPages/17Language/17Language-TestPageDoc.md)
18. Audio (transcripts)
19. Video (descriptions)
20. Synchronized media (captions)
21. Synchronized media (descriptions)
22. Style-sheet non-dependence
23. [Frames](TestPages/23Frames/23Frames-TestPageDoc.md)
24. Alternate pages
25. Time outs
26. Image maps
27. Plug-in Links
28. Built-in accessibility features
