testcases/TC06.2-all-pass-4.md, before:

---
# The layout must be 'testcase'; DO NOT Change
layout: testcase

# Brief, descriptive title for the test case
title: Decorative Image - empty accessible name or description


# The Test Case ID should follow the pattern:
# TC[Baseline Test Procedure #]-[Test Instruction #]-
# [Expected Result (pass/fail/dna)]-[example #], e.g., TC05.1-1-fail-1
tcid: TC06.2-pass-4

# Description of the Test Case, the included code sample, test considerations,
# and rationale for the expected result according to the applicable ICT
# Baseline test
descr: |
    Identify any decorative image that is pure decoration, is used only for visual formatting, or is not presented to users.

    The code sample provides an equivalent description of the image in a <code>alt=""</code> attribute, which would cause Assistive Technologies to ignore the image. A successful test should identify a PASS against Baseline 6.2 Decorative Images.

# Reference and link to the applicable ICT Baseline test
app-baseline: |
    [6.2 Test Procedure for Meaningful Images](https://section508coordinators.github.io/ICTTestingBaseline/06Images.html#62-test-procedure-for-decorative-images)

    **Baseline Test ID:** 6.2-DecorativeImage

    **Test Instruction:** All

# Expected result that the ICT Baseline would predict
# [Pass | Fail | DNA]
result: PASS

# Brief description of the rationale for the expected result
result-descr: The image in the code sample is a decorative image from its <code>alt=""</code> attribute.

# URL for the code sample
# In the sample code file, add id="tc_code" to the
# element that contains the relevant code snippet.
#
# Then upload the code sample to the 'testfiles' folder
# and provide the link (and only the url) below.
sample: /testfiles/TF06/06.2-all-pass-4.html

# Table of test instructions, including the following table headers:
# Test Instruction #; Instruction Detail; Expected Test Case Result
#
# Include the table in the content section below
---
| Test Instruction | Instruction Detail | Expected Test Case Result |
|------------------|--------------------|---------------------------|
| **IC-1** | Identify any image that conveys decoration | One `<img>` exists in the test data code sample. The image is meaningful and conveys information, based on the text directly below the image. |

| **6.2-1** | Descriptions of the image that are provided by page content must be programmatically associated. | Not applicable |
| **6.2-2** | Check to see if the image was inserted with CSS | Pass |
| **6.2-3** | Check that the ARIA role is "presentation".| Pass |
| **6.2-4** | Check that the ARIA role is "none". | Pass |
| **6.2-5** | Check that aria-hidden is set to "true". | Pass |
| **Result** | If any of the above checks fail, then Baseline Test 6.2-DecorativeImage fails. | All checks PASS (or do not apply). |

Commit message:

resolved issues with 6.2 and atom terminal

testcases/TC06.2-all-pass-4.md, after:

---
# The layout must be 'testcase'; DO NOT Change
layout: testcase

# Brief, descriptive title for the test case
title: Decorative Image - empty accessible name or description


# The Test Case ID should follow the pattern:
# TC[Baseline Test Procedure #]-[Test Instruction #]-
# [Expected Result (pass/fail/dna)]-[example #], e.g., TC05.1-1-fail-1
tcid: TC06.2-all-pass-4

# Description of the Test Case, the included code sample, test considerations,
# and rationale for the expected result according to the applicable ICT
# Baseline test
descr: |
    Identify any decorative image that is pure decoration, is used only for visual formatting, or is not presented to users.

    The code sample provides an equivalent description of the image in a <code>alt=""</code> attribute, which would cause Assistive Technologies to ignore the image. A successful test should identify a PASS against Baseline 6.2 Decorative Images.

# Reference and link to the applicable ICT Baseline test
app-baseline: |
    [6.2 Test Procedure for Meaningful Images](https://section508coordinators.github.io/ICTTestingBaseline/06Images.html#62-test-procedure-for-decorative-images)

    **Baseline Test ID:** 6.2-DecorativeImage

    **Test Instruction:** All

# Expected result that the ICT Baseline would predict
# [Pass | Fail | DNA]
result: PASS

# Brief description of the rationale for the expected result
result-descr: The image in the code sample is a decorative image from its <code>alt=""</code> attribute.

# URL for the code sample
# In the sample code file, add id="tc_code" to the
# element that contains the relevant code snippet.
#
# Then upload the code sample to the 'testfiles' folder
# and provide the link (and only the url) below.
sample: /testfiles/TF06/06.2-all-pass-4.html

# Table of test instructions, including the following table headers:
# Test Instruction #; Instruction Detail; Expected Test Case Result
#
# Include the table in the content section below
---
| Test Instruction | Instruction Detail | Expected Test Case Result |
|------------------|--------------------|---------------------------|
| **IC-1** | Identify any image that conveys decoration | One `<img>` exists in the test data code sample. The image is pure decoration. |

| **6.2-1** | Check to see that the ARIA role is "presentation". | Not applicable |
| **6.2-2** | Check to see that the ARIA role is "none". | Not applicable |
| **6.2-3** | Check to see that the aria-hidden is set to "true".| Not applicable |
| **6.2-4** | Check to see that the text alternative (combination of accessible name and accessible description) is empty. | PASS |
| **6.2-5** | Check to see that the image is inserted via CSS. | Not applicable |
| **Result** | If any of the above checks fail, then Baseline Test 6.2-DecorativeImage fails. | PASS. |
