testcases/TC10.5-1-fail-1.md, before:

---
# The layout must be 'testcase'; DO NOT Change
layout: testcase

# Brief, descriptive title for the test case
title: changing Content - aria-live='off'

# The Test Case ID should follow the pattern: 
# TC10.5-1-fail
# [Expected Result (pass/fail/dna)]-[example #], e.g., TC05.1-1-fail-1
tcid: fail

# Description of the Test Case, the included code sample, test considerations,
# and rationale for the expected result according to the applicable ICT
# Baseline test
descr: |
    The code sample presents <code>aria-live='off'</code>. A successful test should identify a failure against Baseline Test 5.1-ChangeContent.

# Reference and link to the applicable ICT Baseline test
app-basline: TC05.1-1-fail-1

# Expected result that the ICT Baseline would predict
# [Pass | Fail | DNA]
result: FAIL

# Brief description of the rationale for the expected result
result-descr: |
    After content change, the text updated in the code sample is neither programatically bound, given focus, nor included in a live region.

# URL for the code sample
# In the sample code file, add id="tc_code" to the 
# element that contains the relevant code snippet.
#
# Then upload the code sample to the 'testfiles' folder 
# and provide the link (and only the url) below.
sample: https://github.com/jzmnbrjs/baselinealignment/blob/patch-1/testfiles/TF10/TC10.5-1

# Table of test instructions, including the following table headers: 
# Test Instruction #; Instruction Detail; Expected Test Case Result
#
# Include the table in the content section below
---
| Test Instruction | Instruction Detail | Expected Test Case Result |
|------------------|--------------------|---------------------------|
| IC-1| Identify changes in presented content (both user driven and automatic).|
| 10.5-1 | Examples include changes to images, navigation trees, data table sort controls, automatic information updates, form elements, revealed content, etc  | Fail |

Commit message:

10.5-1-fail-1
These are my changes for 10.5-1-fail-1

testcases/TC10.5-1-fail-1.md, after:

---
# The layout must be 'testcase'; DO NOT Change
layout: testcase

# Brief, descriptive title for the test case
title: Form component with no label nor instructions

# The Test Case ID should follow the pattern: 
# TC10.5-1-fail-1
# [Expected Result (pass/fail/dna)]-[example #], e.g., TC05.1-1-fail-1
tcid: TC10.5-1-fail-1

# Description of the Test Case, the included code sample, test considerations,
# and rationale for the expected result according to the applicable ICT
# Baseline test
descr: |
    This form has a form field, we are looking for an identifiable label or prompt for that form field.

# Reference and link to the applicable ICT Baseline test
app-baseline: |
    [10.5 Test Procedure for Form has a Label](https://ictbaseline.access-board.gov/10Forms/#105-test-procedure-for-form-has-a-label)

    **Baseline Test ID:** 10.5-FormHasLabel

    **Test Instruction:** 1

# Expected result that the ICT Baseline would predict
# [Pass | Fail | DNA]
result: FAIL

# Brief description of the rationale for the expected result
result-descr: |
    The form component is unlabeled.

# URL for the code sample
# In the sample code file, add id="tc_code" to the 
# element that contains the relevant code snippet.
#
# Then upload the code sample to the 'testfiles' folder 
# and provide the link (and only the url) below.
sample: /testfiles/TF10/10.5-1-fail-1.html

# Table of test instructions, including the following table headers: 
# Test Instruction #; Instruction Detail; Expected Test Case Result
#
# Include the table in the content section below
---
| Test Instruction | Instruction Detail | Expected Test Case Result |
|------------------|--------------------|---------------------------|
| IC-1| Find all form components. Examples include buttons, text fields, radio buttons, checkboxes, multi-select lists.| Input field found. |
| IC-2| Find all instructions and cues (textual and graphical) that are related to form components, including groupings, order of completion, special conditions or qualifiers, format instructions, etc.| |
| 10.5-1 | Check that each form component has label(s) or instructions. [SC 3.3.2]  | Fail. There is no visible label or prompt. |
