testcases/TC13.2-all-pass-1.md, before:

---
# The layout must be 'testcase'; DO NOT Change
layout: testcase

# Brief, descriptive title for the test case
title: Visual Headings - with visually apparent headings with multiple heading levels identified using native heading elements



# The Test Case ID should follow the pattern:
# TC[Baseline Test Procedure #]-[Test Instruction #]-
# [Expected Result (pass/fail/dna)]-[example #], e.g., TC05.1-1-fail-1
tcid: TC13.2-all-pass-1

# Description of the Test Case, the included code sample, test considerations,
# and rationale for the expected result according to the applicable ICT
# Baseline test
descr: |
    Visually apparent headings, which denote sections of content. Headings are often in a larger, bolded font separated from paragraphs by extra spacing (though not always). Note the hierarchy and structure of each heading with respect to other headings on the page or screen.

    The code sample provides a depiction of visually apparent headings with multiple heading levels formed using native heading elements, which would cause Assistive Technologies to provide the correct heading corresponding to each section and the correct subheading corresponding to each subsection. A successful test should identify a PASS against Baseline 13.2 Visual Headings.

# Reference and link to the applicable ICT Baseline test
app-baseline: |
    [13.2 Test Procedure for Visual Headings](https://section508coordinators.github.io/ICTTestingBaseline/13Structure.html#132-test-procedure-for-visual-headings)

    **Baseline Test ID:** 13.2-VisHeadingProg

    **Test Instruction:** All

# Expected result that the ICT Baseline would predict
# [Pass | Fail | DNA]
result: PASS

# Brief description of the rationale for the expected result
result-descr: The visually apparent headings in the sample are identified with multiple heading levels using native heading elements

# URL for the code sample
# In the sample code file, add id="tc_code" to the
# element that contains the relevant code snippet.
#
# Then upload the code sample to the 'testfiles' folder
# and provide the link (and only the url) below.
sample: /testfiles/TF13/13.2-all-pass-1.html

# Table of test instructions, including the following table headers:
# Test Instruction #; Instruction Detail; Expected Test Case Result
#
# Include the table in the content section below
---
| Test Instruction | Instruction Detail | Expected Test Case Result |
|------------------|--------------------|---------------------------|
| **IC-1** | Visually apparent headings, which denote sections of content. Headings are often in a larger, bolded font separated from paragraphs by extra spacing (though not always). Note the hierarchy and structure of each heading with respect to other headings on the page. |
| **13.2-1.a** | Check that all visual headings are programmatically determinable and that programmatic heading levels logically match the visual heading presentation within the heading structure [SC 1.3.1]. The most important heading(s) should have the highest priority level. For example, <code> <h1 </code> is a higher level than <code> <h2> </code>, which is higher than <code> <h3> </code>| PASS
| **13.2-1.b** | Check that all visual headings are programmatically determinable and that programmatic heading levels logically match the visual heading presentation within the heading structure [SC 1.3.1]. The most important heading(s) should have the highest priority level. Check that headings with an equal or higher level start a new section; headings with a lower level start new subsections that are part of the higher leveled section. | PASS
| **13.2-1.c-1** | Check that all visual headings are programmatically determinable and that programmatic heading levels logically match the visual heading presentation within the heading structure [SC 1.3.1]. The most important heading(s) should have the highest priority level. Check to see that the headings in the code sample are defined programmatically. | PASS
| **13.2-1.c-2** | Check that all visual headings are programmatically determinable and that programmatic heading levels logically match the visual heading presentation within the heading structure [SC 1.3.1]. HTML or ARIA programmatically identify each heading. When both are used, heading levels must match. | PASS
| **Result** | If the above check fails, then Baseline Test 13.2-VisHeadingProg fails. | PASS |

Commit message:

files for 13.2-all-pass-1
- update link to usab's baseline in left side nav

testcases/TC13.2-all-pass-1.md, after:

---
# The layout must be 'testcase'; DO NOT Change
layout: testcase

# Brief, descriptive title for the test case
title: Visual Headings - with visually apparent headings with multiple heading levels identified using native heading elements



# The Test Case ID should follow the pattern:
# TC[Baseline Test Procedure #]-[Test Instruction #]-
# [Expected Result (pass/fail/dna)]-[example #], e.g., TC05.1-1-fail-1
tcid: TC13.2-all-pass-1

# Description of the Test Case, the included code sample, test considerations,
# and rationale for the expected result according to the applicable ICT
# Baseline test
descr: |
    Visually apparent headings are programmatically defined by HTML.

    The code sample provides a depiction of visually apparent headings with multiple heading levels formed using native heading elements. A successful test should identify a PASS against Baseline 13.2 Visual Headings.

# Reference and link to the applicable ICT Baseline test
app-baseline: |
    [13.2 Test Procedure for Visual Headings](https://section508coordinators.github.io/ICTTestingBaseline/13Structure.html#132-test-procedure-for-visual-headings)

    **Baseline Test ID:** 13.2-VisHeadingProg

    **Test Instruction:** All

# Expected result that the ICT Baseline would predict
# [Pass | Fail | DNA]
result: PASS

# Brief description of the rationale for the expected result
result-descr: The visually apparent headings in the sample are identified with multiple heading levels using native heading elements.

# URL for the code sample
# In the sample code file, add id="tc_code" to the
# element that contains the relevant code snippet.
#
# Then upload the code sample to the 'testfiles' folder
# and provide the link (and only the url) below.
sample: /testfiles/TF13/13.2-all-pass-1.html

# Table of test instructions, including the following table headers:
# Test Instruction #; Instruction Detail; Expected Test Case Result
#
# Include the table in the content section below
---
| Test Instruction | Instruction Detail | Expected Test Case Result |
|------------------|--------------------|---------------------------|
| **IC-1** | Visually apparent headings, which denote sections of content. Headings are often in a larger, bolded font separated from paragraphs by extra spacing (though not always). Note the hierarchy and structure of each heading with respect to other headings on the page. | Multiple visual headings found. |
| **13.2-1** | Check that all visual headings are programmatically determinable and that programmatic heading levels logically match the visual heading presentation within the heading structure [SC 1.3.1]. |  | 
| **13.2-1.a** | The most important heading(s) should have the highest priority level. For example, <code><h1></code> is a higher level than <code><h2></code>, which is higher than <code><h3></code>. | Pass: The visual <code><h1></code> heading is higher than the visual <code><h2></code> heading, which is higher than the <code><h3></code> headings. |
| **13.2-1.b** | Headings with an equal or higher level start a new section; headings with a lower level start new subsections that are part of the higher leveled section.  | Pass: the visual hierarchy of the headings is correct |
| **13.2-1.c** | HTML or ARIA programmatically identify each heading. When both are used, heading levels must match. H42: each heading is marked with <code><h1></code> to <code><h6></code>. ARIA12: each heading is marked with <code>role="heading"</code> and <code>aria-level="#"</code>. The default heading level is "2" when none is specified. | Pass: all headings are programmatically identified by HTML <code><h#></code>. |
| **Result** | If the above check fails, then Baseline Test 13.2-VisHeadingProg fails. | PASS |
